all right
93 bubble showerhead new to YouTube just
my new 93 Chevy Caprice I just got the
tensile in there 35% 10 all the way
around I got that bottle of a week ago
yeah this is her to get a quick look I
won't talk too much there's just little
test video you know I'm saying there she
claimed um 93 bubble sorry
you know I'm saying about it about it
I'm gonna start taking this you to
serious you know I'm saying shut up
everybody else everybody else who ride
no bubbles out here you know I'm saying
y'all gonna see me y'all comments hit it
but a quick little run down man she
running good she got about 20,000 miles
on a dude sold it to me said that you
know the engine was rebuild the motor
was rebuilt so it ain't none but like
70,000 miles on the motor but you know I
haven't really confirmed that yet and
the transmission I might have to put a
new transmission in there because I mean
she running I driver every day but it's
just like it's real hard it's real harsh
if ting out at first got some pampers in
there man have 35 look good I'm a
particle docker I'm gonna go a little
darker but that 35 look classy right
there you know but there 93 bubbles
sorry coming laugh
stay tuned
you